diana
hello mother how are you today she should
at least be able to defend herself from whom
you will train her harder
than any amazon before her
but she must never know the truth
about what she is or how she came to be
i'm one of the good guys
and those are the bad guys
we know nothing about who they are and
why they came name is captain steve
trevor pilot american expeditionary
forces what the hell is this thing
the lasso of hestia compels
you to reveal the truth
i am spy british intelligence got word
that the leader of the german army
general ludendorff but our intel
was wrong the germans had the turks
building bombs for them and not just bombs new
weapons the boys in the trenches called her dr
poison
get these notes back to british intelligence
in time you could stop millions more from
dying after everything the man said this must
be airy so you will do nothing unless your queen
i will show you the way of the
island and you will take me to aries
deal i'm going mother i cannot stand
by while innocent lives are lost
this belongs to the greatest worry in our history
our beloved entirely make sure you're worthy of it
for you to restore your strength
welcome to jolly old london it's here
yeah it's not for everybody captain trevor
i believe you have something that is the property
of general ludendorff she is uh and i are
working together it's a formula for a new kind
of gas mustard gas hydrogen based instead of soil
if it is used it will kill everyone on both
sides they will all die that is what soldiers
do and it's the best way of stopping the wall
captain you will do nothing i'm here to help
unofficially of course if there's another
weapons facility find it and destroy it
along with ludendorff and morrow
there's enough here for a few days
diana
so
stay very very still for me
my friends please so important
well how the hell do we get it i'm
coming with you no you're not coming
with what you're wearing isn't exactly
uh undercover you know nothing of the
gods
wherever he goes you follow
dana
they're dead they're all dead i could
have saved them if it weren't for you
you stopped me from killing
by reading this world of you forever
if you believe that this war should stop if
you want to stop it help me stop it right now
i have to go they only deserve distraction
you i am not what you thought i was
all i ever wanted was for the gods to see how
evil my father's creation was
and i'm here to complete her me
and he's not the god
you are zeus left the child he had with the queen
of the amazons as a weapon to use against me
mankind this world from us
they ruined it day by day all these years i have
struggled alone with spreading into their ears and
we could return this world to that paradise it
was before them i could never be a part of that
i need you guys to clear me a path to that planet
let's see what kind of god you really
are
lead his anti-bad
i could save today you could save the world
i love you
he used to want to save the world to
end war and bring peace to mankind
but then i glimpsed the darkness
that lives within their light
and now i know that only love can truly
save the world this is my mission now
forever